Unit 1.1

[Question 1] What is the aim of the information systems?
Support the company business processes
Support computer-based system
Develop software engineering
Discover functional requirements

[Question 2] In the cascade model
A stage cannot begin until the previous one has not finished.
Stages are chosen randomly.
The system is being developed in small increments.
Complex projects are easy to review.

[Question 3] How should we develop Software?
There is not an unique way, but requirements analysis, design, implementation and testing must be done in all cases.
Choosing randomly what each one are going to do
Implementing first, and then designing
Going from requirements to implement them in a programming language

[Question 4] A methodology is a set of:
Methods
Process
Business applications
Cycles, that compose a life cycle

[Question 5] A methodology can follow:
One or more life cycles
Only one life cycle
Thousand of life cycles
Many life cycles

[Question 6] The system is the result of the integration of several components in:
Incremental model
Cascade model
Scrum
Spiral model

[Question 7] What are the main methodologies that have been used?
Conventional, structured and OO.
Normal, OO and object oriented.
Structured (with C) and OO (with JAVA)
Only OO

[Question 8] Which methodology is more oriented to real time systems?
Object oriented.
Structure.
Ada programming language
None of the others.

[Question 9] What is the heart of the working environment?
Development methodologies
The money.
The people and the good ambient.
The best worker of the team.

[Question 10] What is the most used life cycle model?
Cascade model
Incremental and iterative model
Spiral model
SCRUM

[Question 11] What does the acronym RADIT refer to?
Requirements, Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing
Rapid, Acknowledgement, Domain, Invention, Tools
Requirements, Advantages, Disadvantages, Inconvenient, Terminology
Resting, Ancient, Dictionary, Incremental, Testing

[Question 12] What is done before continuing in the spiral model?
Prototypes
Requirements
Implementations
Life cycle plans

[Question 13] Which of these is not a desirable characteristic for a Methodology
Dependence on superheroes
Support to Software reuse.
Intermediate verifications
Total coverage of the development cycle.

[Question 14] What it is a process?
A set of interrelated or interacting activities which transforms inputs into outputs
Stated way in which activities must be followed
A special type of requirement or recommendation
A product used as input or generated as a output

[Question 15] What it is a development methodology?
A stated way in which activities must be followed
A set of interrelated or interacting activities which transforms inputs into outputs
A set of cohesive tasks of a process
Is the same as a process

[Question 16] Which of the following are life cycle models?
Waterfall, incremental model and spiral model
Waterfall, incremental model and cube model
It only exists the waterfall model
Waterfall, incremental model, spiral model and UPD.

[Question 17] Which of the following is not a development methodology?
Scrum
Metrica v3
Unified Development Model (UDP)
All of them are development methodologies

[Question 18]- Cycles are a concept related to...
Spiral model
Incremental model
Cascade model
Java

[Question 19] What is life cycle?
A reference framework containing the processes, activities and task involved in the development of software, the commercial exploitation, and the maintenance of a software product from its very beginning to the end of its use.
Life cycle is the vital process of an organism from birth to death
A reference programming methodology containing the processes, activities and task involved in the development of software, the commercial exploitation, and the maintenance of a software product from its very beginning to the end of its use.
What is used to program nice.

[Question 20] What is a disadvantage of the incremental model?
Errors in requirements are identified commonly too late.
Long time projects are avoided, and it is possible to release valuable intermediate results to the end user more frequent
Final results are usually very positive and valuable
It involves a large involvement of the end users
