A01 --> UNIT 3.01 

What does Version mean?
Is an initial release or of a computer software configuration item,associated with a complete compilation of the computer software configuration item.
Is the final release of a computer software configuration.
Is an initial release of a computer hardware configuration item, associated with a complete compilation of the computer hardware configuration item.
Is the final release of a computer hardware configuration. 

What is configuration management authority?
It is the person or team responsible for the configuration management.
This concept is not referred to Configuration Management.
It is the person who is in charge of finish the use cases of a computer software product.
Is the leader of a project team in charge of a computer software project.


Which is the purpose of Configuration Management Planning?
The purpose of CM Planning is to produce and communicate effective and workable CM plans.
The purpose of CM planning is organize teams to overlap its tasks.
The purpose of CM planning is determine schemes to increase the productivity.
The purpose of CM planning is increment the effectivity of the software product. 

Which are the main activities of Configuration Management Processes?
 Manage implementation of CMP and Monitor CM activities, only.
 Identify configuration items and monitor CM activities, only.
 Describe configuration items, identify configuration items and manage implementation of CMP.
 Describe configuration items and identify configuration items, only.

Which is the purpose of CM Management Process?
 The purpose of CM management is to implement, monitor, control and improve CM services.
 The purpose of CM management is to produce effective and workable CM processes.
 The purpose of CM management is to determine naming schemes for CM processes.
 The purpose of CM management is to maintain the integrity of the product in all of its states.

What is a baseline?
Specification or product that has been formally reviewed and agreed upon, that thereafter serves as the basis for further development, and that can be changed only through formal change control procedures.
The asserted structure of something that can be use.
An operational version of a system or component that incorporates a specified subset of the capabilities that the final product will provide.
he steps required to produce an instance of the product.

what is a build?
An operational version of a system or component that incorporates a specified subset of the capabilities that the final product will provide.
The management of any change of such features.
The verification of the conformity with regard to the requirements.
A delivered version of an application that may include all or part of an application.

what is configuration Item?
Aggregation of work products that is designated for configuration management and treated as a single entity in the configuration management process.
Technical and organizational activities comprising configuration identification, control, status accounting, and auditing. 
Any person(s) or group designated to be responsible for assuring.
That CM activities are planned and carried out.

what is a Release?
A delivered version of an application that may include all or part of an application.
Management of the activities surrounding the release of one or more versions of software to one or more customers, including identifying, packaging, and delivering the elements of a product.
An initial release or re-release of a computer software configuration item, associated with a complete compilation or recompilation of the computer software configuration item.
An explicit and immutable version identifier (name or number) inserted into each configuration item, including each individual release, that can be used to identify the exact version of the configuration item in any instance or repository.

what is a CMDB?
A specific type of repository for CM information, usually a data store, used to record attributes of configuration items, and the relationships between configuration items, throughout their lifecycle.
That CM activities are planned and carried out. 
An initial release or complete re-release of a document, as opposed to a revision resulting from issuing change pages to a previous release.
None of above.

CM Plan should include  among others the following elements, either directly as well as indirectly.
Introduction,  Criteria for the identification of the configuration elements under the CM Plan,  Project management,  Responsibilities of the CM.
Introduction,  Criteria for the identification of the configuration elements under the CM Plan,  Project management,  Responsibilities of the CM, Ending document.
Introduction,  Criteria for the identification of the configuration elements under the CM Plan,  Portfolio management,  Responsibilities of the CM.
Introduction,  Criteria for the identification of the configuration elements under the CM Plan,Constraints and assumptions affecting the plan,  Portfolio management,  Responsibilities of the CM.

Which is the first CM process that should be carried out first
Planning
Management Process
Configuration Identification
Configuration Auditing

What is the Release Plan
A plan that describes what portions of system functionality will be implemented in which releases and the rationale for each release.
The working version of the software
A plan describing the life cycle of the software from the design to the release of the full version
It’s the estimation of the cost and date until the software is released

What is the motivation for Software Configuration Management
All of them
Software is always changing
Versión control 
Driving the integration of software parts into a single software product.

What does the acronym CM means
Configuration Management
Control Management
Configuration Master
Control Master

Which life cycle disciplines must CM support?
Project management, Requirement management, Design, Implementation, Integration, Verification, Release, Operation and maintenance
Project management, Requirement management, Analysis, Implementation, Integration, Verification, Release, Operation and maintenance
Project management, Requirement management, Design, Implementation, Integration, Release, Operation and maintenance
Requirement management, Design, Implementation, Integration, Verification, Release, Operation and maintenance

Which of these is not an activity that the Configuration Status Accounting of CM perform?
Verify CA status information needs
Verify CM mechanisms are properly set up to support information needs
Account for all Cis
Report on status of CIs

What is the Release Management Process purpose?
The purpose of the release management lower-level process is to assure that the proper set of deliverables (including documentation and ancillary materials) is delivered to the designated receiving party in the designated form to the designated location.
The purpose of the release management higher-level process is to assure that the proper set of deliverables (including documentation and ancillary materials) is delivered to the designated receiving party in the designated form to the designated location.
The purpose of release management is to objectively assess the integrity of the product both from a functional perspective (how the different technical processes of product development—from requirements to testing—were performed) and from a physical perspective (how the as-is product was built and changes were applied).
The purpose of release management is to maintain the integrity of the product in all of its states, from requirements to a validated working product, as changes to it are needed both under development and post-release.

Which of the following elements of the CM plan should be done earlier?
Constraints and assumptions affecting the plan
Project management
Policies, directives and procedures
Maintenance of the CM Plan

Which of the following is not one of the configuration management goal?
Formally approve versions of a configuration item.
To provide support to the audit of products, results, services, or components to verify the conformity with regard to the requirements.
Register and report every change, and the state of the implementation.
Manage any change of such features.
