A01 --> 1.01

What is the main aim of our profession?
Create reliable and cost effective software
Gain money
Create reliable software
Create cost effective software
	
What is the best way to develop software?
Following the schema requirements-design-coding-testing-working software
You can develop software the way you want
SCRUM is the best way
Depending of the complexity of the software you can skip the requirements-design-coding-testing part
	
How should you work in a professional developing team
Assigning functionalities of the program to each coder of the team and dividing them in packets
Letting one code and others do the report and design
Answer 1 and 2 are correct
Coding the software all together at the same time so everyone understands the code

	
What is the life cycle of a software?
It's a detailed plan describing how to develop, maintain and replace specific software
It describes the time a software will be going to be used
It's a plan created by the company that develops the software describing the process of which the software should be maintained and updated
The life cycle of a project starts with the requirements of the software fase and ends when the software is fully working

What is the most probable way that a company works developing software?
Having as many running processes(Produce Software) as customers they have
Focusing only on the demands of the client that pays more
Looking for ideas to develop software and sell it
All are wrong
	
Which one is not a Life cycle model
CMMI
Waterfall
Incremental Model
Spiral model

Which one is not a developing methodology
All of them are
Métrica v3
UPD
SCRUM
	
What is not true about the cascade model
It's very flexible
A stage cannot begin until the stage cannot begin until the previous one has not finished
It is very useful in software migration projects from legacy environments
Also called sequential
	
In what can be split a process
Tasks
Procedures
Products
Projects

What is a desirable characteristic for a methodology
All of them 
Support to software reuse
Easy training
Total coverage of the development cycle
	
Which one of these methodologies is process oriented
Gane y Sarson Methodology (STRDM/SSDM)
Merise Methodology 
SSADM Methodology 
Métrica Methodology
	
What is the false statement about Spiral model cycles
It`s recommended for low risk projects
It tries to improve the classic life cycle and prototypes
It enable the accommodation of other models
It drops undesired choices from the very beginning

What is the difference between methodology and method
A methodology can be understood as a set of methods
A method contains various methodologies
Method is a type of methodology
All of the are correct

what is the definition of Development Methodologies?
Set of philosophies, stages, procedures, rules, techniques, tools, documentation, and training concern that are to be used by Information Systems Developers.
A software development methodologies is the process of dividing software development work into distinct phases to improve design.
Most modern development methodologies can be vaguely described as agile.
Is the techniques, tools, documentation, and training concern that are to be used by Information Systems Developers

Which is the correct order
A process can be split in tasks and for each task there is a procedure
A process can be split in tasks and for each task there is multiple procedures
A process contains multiple procedures, and for each procedure there is a task
A task contains multiple processes, and for each process there is a procedure 

Which is the reason prototyping is not the same as the spiral model?
Prototyping implies developing a complete system to try new functionalities
They are the same
The spiral model does not exist
The spiral model does not analyze the risks until the process is complete

what is the most characteristic of the cascade model?
A stage cannot begin until the stage cannot begin until the previous one has not finished.
If any stage have to be remake, you can return to the previous stage and remake that the problem resolve.
The system is being developed in small increments .
By the end of each completed cycle, risks are assessed before going into the next one.
	
Which is the reason the ISO,IEEE, etc were created?
The need for standardization in order of facilitate the work
Laziness
To facilitate the work of the commercial graphics card
Because IBM had too much control on the industry and imposed them on  everyone

What elements are  not associated with Development Methodologies?
Stakeholder
task
techniques
Processes

What is the meaning of Stakeholder?
Individual or organization having a right, share, claim or interest in a system or in its possession of characteristics that meet their needs and expectations.
Product used as input or generated as a output.
Stated way in which activities must be follower.
Set of cohesive tasks of a process.
