A01 --> Unit 2.02

How many Quality Principles are?
6.
5.
7.
10.

What is the Intuitive Definition of the concept of Maturity?
It consists in doing things better and better.
It consists in do well the bad things.
It consists in do well things in less time.
None of above.

Which are the principles of the Goals of Process Improvements?
Define, Measure, Control and Improve the process.
Measure, Control and Improve the process.
Define, Control and Improve the process.
Define and Improve the process, only.

Which are the Characteristics of Framework CMMI?
Project Management, Process Management and Support.
Project Management and Process Management.
Process Management and Support.
Project Management and Support.

What is the meaning of CMMI?
Capability Maturity Model Integration.
Capacity Maturity Model Integration.
Capability Maturity Management Integration.
Capacity Management Model Integration.

If a customer does not demand a quality product,...
He or she will probably not get one.
He or she will get one.
The company will ask him or her
The company will always deliver quality products

Since a test removes only a fraction of a product's defects,....
to get a quality product out of a test you must put a quality product into the test
to get a quality product you must perform various test on it
the test is not a valid option for quality testing
to get a quality product tests must be performed for every module of the software

Which one of the next definitions of capability is the most suitable for software engineering
Aptitude, talent, quality that has someone for the proper exercise of something.
Property of a thing to be able to contain some other inside.
Opportunity, place or means to execute something.
Volume.

Order the level of maturity from highest to lowest
Optimized, Predictable, Established, Managed, Basic and Immature.
Optimized, Predictable, Managed, Established, Basic and Immature.
Optimized, Established, Predictable, Managed, Basic and Immature.
Established, Optimized, Predictable, Managed, Basic and Immature.

What tool is used to track the work of every Sprint
Burn up graphics
Sprint retrospective meetings
Reviews
None of them

Which is the relationship  between the level of capacity and the level of maturity?
In order to achieve a high level of maturity you need to achieve a high level of capacity on each of the processes associated
Level of maturity and level of capacity are the same
As capacity is related with processes on an individual level and maturity overall they are not related
They are not related

Which of the following does not indicate an adequate level of quality?
The process presents lots of bugs
The process produces the expected results
The process is grounded on a sound definition
The process can be improved according to the business goals

Which is the function of the Process Reference Model?
It provides with an schema with good practices for the various processes
It allows to judge and decide on the capability of the process and the maturity of the organizations
It establishes mechanisms to make processes will be more capable than they use to be.
None of the above

What is the standard ISO 15504 useful for?
The assessment model
The Process reference model
To get the specific goals
To get the generic goals

Which of the following is less than optimal for the MMIS?
More investment of money, time and resources
Selection of processes appropriate for small organizations
Less "bureaucracy" and stiffness
Oriented to SMEs (Small and Medium Enterprises) and small development groups

Which of the following does not belong to the level of maturity 2?
Process of Management of Human Resources
Process of Management of the Configuration
Process of supply
Process of definitions of necessities and requirements of the stakeholders

Which of the following level of maturity precedes the rest of them?
Managed
Optimizing
Established
Predictable

Which of the following is not a quality principle?
The quality of the test is determined by the quality of the product
The quality of a product is determined by the quality of the process used to develop it
To consistently produce quality products, the developers must manage the quality of their work.
If a customer does not demand a quality product, he or she will probably not get one.

Which is the name given to the level of maturity 1?
Initial
Managed
Defined
Optimizing

In a meeting in SCRUM everyone should ask...
Three questions: What did you do yesterday?, What will you do today?, Is everything running ok?
Two questions :What will you do today?, Is everything running ok?
Four questions: What did you do yesterday?, What will you do today? What should be done by now, Is everything running ok?
One question: What will you do today?
