A01 --> Unit 2.01

In pareto's law: __% of the features represent __% of the usage. Which are the percentages of usage?
20,80
30,70
10,90
50,50

Which of this definitions is closer to the concept of quality we are using?
Fitness for use
Lots of technical specifications
Having more features
Being the most powerful device/program

What does the good enough/low cost paradigm consist of?
It is a balance between the manufacturer needing to have the best quality possible but not enough to inflate the price and the client wanting the cheaper price possible
Consist on the manufacturer searching for the smaller quality to make the product as cheap as possible
It is a term that means that the client will always buy the cheaper product possible
That term does not exist

What does the term SWOT mean?
Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats
Support Weaknesses, Offensive against Threats
Same Weekend, Over Too
That term does not exist

What are the characteristics a product need to have to fulfil the ISO 25010: quality model for software product?
Functional adequacy, Reliability, Security, Compatibility, Portability, Maintainability, Performance efficiency, Usage capacity
Functional adequacy, Reliability, Security, Compatibility, Portability, Malleability, Performance efficiency, Usage capacity
Functional requirement, Reliability, Security, Compatibility, Portability, Maintainability, Performance efficiency, Usage capacity
Functional adequacy, Security, Compatibility, Portability, Maintainability, Performance efficiency, Usage capacity

What are the most characteristics of the concept of quality?
Multi-dimensional, it is not absolute, has some restriction, linked to commitments and quality characteristics are not independent.
The concept of quality can have characteristics because of it definition.
Multi-dimensional, it is not absolute, has some restriction and linked to commitments .
Depend of the projects the other answers are all correct.

What's is one of the relation between cost and quality?
Less cost, more quality.
More cost, more quality.
Less cost, and less quality.
More cost, less quality.

Choose the  one that is not a concept related with quality.
Quality department.
Quality policy.
Quality Management system.
Quality plan.

which is the criterium to judge the quality?
Quality characteristic.
Quality plan.
Quality policy.
Quality management system.

in the quality management process, how is divided the continuous improvement cycle?
Plan, do, check, act.
Plan, do, check.
There is no cycle in quality.
Plan, do, act, check, defect.

Which of this concepts are related to QUALITY?
Defect
Cheap
Expensive
Difficult

What is the correct definition of "Quality Characteristic"?
Criterium to judge the quality.
Set of characteristics of a software product.
Things that define a product.
None of above.

What defines "Functional Adequacy"?
Functional Completeness, Functional Correctness and Functional Adequacy.
Functional Completeness and Functional Correctness, only.
Functional Completeness and Functional Adequacy, only.
Functional Correctness and Functional Adequacy, only.

Which of this concepts are not related to Quality Management?
Quality Organization.
Quality Control.
Quality Assurance.
Quality Improvement.

Which are the first and last stages in the Quality Assessment?
First: 1.- Establish assessment requirement, Last: 5.- End Assessment.
First: 1.- Specify Assessment, Last: 5.- End Assessment.
First: 1.- Specify Assessment, Last: 5.- Design Assessment.
First: 1.- Establish assessment requirement, Last: 5.- Design Assessment.

What characteristics define Reliability in ISO 25010?
Maturity, Availability, Fault tolerance, Recovery Capacity.
Maturity, Availability and Recovery Capacity.
Availability and Recovery Capacity, only.
None of above.

Which of this characteristics is not related to Security in Quality Model for Software Product?
Repudiation.
Responsibility.
Integrity.
Authenticity.

Talking about the Compatibility in ISO 25010, which are the main characteristics of it?
Coexistence and Interoperability.
Coexistence and Confidentiality.
Interoperability and Confidentiality.
Compatibility is not a characteristic of ISO 25010.

How many stages have the Certification of Quality Software Product?
6.
8.
5.
7.

Which are the main characteristics of Performance Efficiency in ISO 25010?
Temporal behaviour and Resource Usage.
Temporal Behaviour.
Resource Usage.
None of above.
