A03 --> Unit 1.2

In Scrum, When it is necessary to make an adaptive planning?
When there are causes that make estimates and schedules fail
When the scrum manager decides it
When the product owner make it necessary
Never, it is not possible

In Scrum, what type of project is optimal, if the organization is rigid and it uses formal methods?
An estable project type
A changing one
An agile methodology project
An agile and estable method

Why the Agile Methodologies are simply better?
They are neither better nor worse than those based on PUD, they are simply more useful in different types of projects
Because in a agile one the time constraints are smaller
It is not better, the one based on PDU are better
The cascade model is always better

What of the following methodologies are agile?
ASD, XP and AUP
ASD, XD and PSU
PUD and Scrum
SCRUM and ASD

What represents the needs of the users in the Agile Methodology?
User Stories
Uses Cases
Task
Requisites

How the quality of  a user story is measured?
INET
VEST
ETS
None of the others

What are the main characteristics of UDP?
Architecture centric, iterative, incremental and use case driven
Architecture centric, iterative and use case driven
Architecture centric, incremental and use case driven
Architecture centric, iterative, incremental and user stories driven

Which is the milestone of inception?
Establish the life cycle goals of the project
Make a product delivery for the customer
Make a skeleton of the project
Elaborate the UML diagrams

According to the manifesto for agile software development, which of the following sentences is false?
There is not a plan
Individuals and iterations over processes and tools
Is more important the working software than comprehensive documentation
The team cannot modify the methodology without justification

Which of the following sentences is false regarding the Daily Scrum Meeting?
Everybody can speak
Everybody is invited
It is not aimed at solving problems
It lasts less than 15 minutes

Which of the following sentences is not a meeting in Scrum?
Developer meeting
Sprint planning meeting
Daily scrum meeting
Sprint review meeting

Which is the relationship between the characteristics of UDP?
Software architecture provides the structure which guide iterations, whereas use case define goals and direct the work in every iteration
Software architecture provides development methodologies to implement use cases
Each use case is develop in an iteration
Use cases can only be developed in an iterative and incremental way

Which is the correct nomenclature of the semantic version in a project?
Major, minor, dispatch
Dispatch, minor, major
Version, release, fix
Movement, version, fix

Which is not a main question needed to be resolved then planning a project?
Where will the project be develop?
How long will the project last?
When will the project be completed?
How much will the project cost?

Which is a wrong statement related with user’s stories?
It’s not a user’s need
It’s not a task
It’s not a requirements specification
It’s not a use case

Which is the wrong statement about the inception phase?
Errors will be fixed, and developers will work on fixing problems to incorporate the enhancements into the final version
Most of the use cases are fully detailed, and system architecture is designed
In this phase, the most critical use cases are developed
By the end of this stage, it is possible to plan the activities and estimate the use of required resources, to finish the project

Which is an agile planning and estimation technique?
Planning poker
Planning bus stop
Planning black jack
Texas Holdem Planning

What promotes the “Planning Poker” technique?
The participation of all attendees
Gambling
The absence of all attendees
Nothing.

Which is the main function of the Scrum Master?
All of them are main functions
Assuring the scrum values and practices
Represents the project management
Enables cooperation and communication between the roles and functionalities

Which is the role of the product owner in Scrum?
Is responsible for assuring the ROI
Merely testimonial
Rejects work results
Decides how to implement the project

What is the purpose of the daily scrum meeting?
Talk about what the team did, what is doing and how is the all running
Solve problems
Take a coffee
Plan future meetings during the day

What is the purpose of the burn-up graphic?
Monitor the status of the project
Keep the team on fire
Estimate costs
Put pressure on the team

Which element is not part of the burn down graphic?
Money left
Completed tasks
Remaining effort
Remaining tasks

Which is not a scrum pillar?
Coupling
Transparency
Inspection
Review

Which is the duration of a sprint in a scrum-based project?
Between 1 and 4 weeks
Between 1 and 4 days
Between 2 and 3 months
Between 6 and 12 months

Which of these is not a misinterpretation of the agile manifesto?
Working software is the primary measure of progress
Total absence of documentation
Total absence of planning
The team can modify the methodology without justification

Which is not a part of the history of a user
Commitment
Description
Conversation
Agreement

Which of these is not a Estimation unit
Relative time
Story point
Ideal time
Real time

What is the product backlog?
A list of user stories that will be incorporated into the software product seeking to increase the value of the product from the point of view of the business
A list of requirements that the product owner creates to help designers to reach a better solution
A list of user stories that the developers creates to do the documentation the project and make it easier to follow the creation of the software product
A list of use cases