A03 --> Unit 3.1

What is the purpose of Configuration Status Accounting?
The purpose records, retrieves, and reports critical information about assets under configuration control to management and the project team.
The purpose of configuration auditing is to objectively assess the integrity of the product both from a functional perspective and from a physical perspective.
The purpose is to manage the potential interfacing effects that hardware, system software, and support software.
The purpose is to manage the incorporation of items developed outside the project environment by third parties into the project CIs.

Which is not a life cycle discipline?
Testing
Operation and Maintenance
Integration
Verification

Which is not a goal of the configuration management?
It only englobes the task of talking to the stakeholders.
Register and report every change, and the state of the implementation.
Identify and document the functional and physical features of every product, component, result, or service.
Manage any change of the features of every product, component, result, or service.

Which is the definition of configuration control board?
A group of people responsible for evaluating and approving or disapproving proposed changes to configuration items, and for ensuring implementation of approved changes.
An individual item to be controlled that is a constituent (part) of a larger configuration item, such as a reference model, hardware prototype or software build.
A formally approved version of a configuration item, regardless of media, formally designated and fixed at a specific time during the configuration item's life cycle.
A collection of new and/or changed configuration items that are tested and introduced into the live environment together.

What is the purpose of configuration management planning?
Is to produce and communicate effective and workable CM plans (CMPs)
Is to make happy the boss
Is to produce commit plans
All answers are correct

What is a build?
An operational version of a system or component that incorporates a specified subset of the capabilities that the final product will provide.
Some experimental software
An executable piece of software
The first and the third answers are correct

What is a release plan?
A plan that describes what portions of system functionality will be implemented in which releases and the rationale for each release.
Is a plan for relealising the developers of making more diagrams
Is a plan for releasing the configuration management plan
Anyone of the answers

What is not a release management activity?
Delineate project requirements
Define release policy
Define release planning
Define release contents

What do the configuration management establish and protect?
The integrity of a product
The quality of a product
The usability of a product
The name of a product

What is NOT part of a CM plan? Juan
The RADIT
Introduction
Project management
Policies, directives and procedures

In the configuration auditing, what is NOT an activity?
Perform software configuration audits
Perform functional configuration audits
Perform physical configuration audits
Perform baseline configuration audit

Which is NOT an example of Configuration Elements?
CMMI
Management plan
Requirement
Design Specification

What is one of the goal of CM?
Identify and document the functional and physical features of every product, component, result, or service.
RADDIT
Our highest priority is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software.
Dialogue carried out by the team and the customer or user to clarify details and doubts that may arise about the history of user.

What is NOT true about Configuration Management?
The user documentation is not a configuration element of the configuration management.
CM establishes and protect the integrity of a product or of its various components through their useful life.
We can use it to keep track of the changes.
It is required to formally identify every change and then trace the state of every change from its requesting to its inclusion.

What is a configuration item?
Aggregation of work products that is designated for configuration management and treated as a single entity in the configuration management process.
Technical and organizational activities comprising configuration identification, control, status accounting, and auditing.
An individual item to be controlled that is a constituent (part) of a larger configuration item, such as a reference model, hardware prototype or software build.
Any person(s) or group designated to be responsible for assuring that CM activities are planned and carried out.

What's the differences between a build and a release?
A release is a specific build labelled with a specific name and proposes.
A build is a specific release labelled with a specific name and proposes.
The target of every build is the final user.
Nothing, they are the same.
