A03 --> Unit 2.2

What does the word “maturity” mean (in the ISO subject context)?
Doing things better and better
Doing well good things
Doing old things
Doing things as adults do

Mark the true statement.
To reach a level of maturity you have to reach the level of capacity of each of the processes associated with the level of maturity
To reach a  a level of maturity it’s enough to reach the level of capacity of only one process associated with the level of maturity
There are no restrictions to reach a level of maturity in a company
The level of maturity is not related with the organization of the company

According to life cycle model management process belongs to level of maturity:
2
1
3
4

Which is not a principal of a goal of processes improvement?
Make a final process at the beginning
Measure the process
Control the process
Improve the process

According to MMIS 2.0 AENOR-AQCLab Model,  which process is in the maturity level one?
Implementation process
Validation process
Verification Process
Integration process

A process is predictable when?
The process is executed under the preestablished limits.
The process is defined according to a standard model.
The process is Managed and the work product are established, controlled and maintained.
The process is not well implemented, or it fails when it is executed.

The process reference model...
Provides with an schema with good practices for the various processes.
Allows to judge and decide on the capability of the process and the maturity of the organizations.
Establishes mechanisms to make processes that will be more capable than they use to be.
Generates a document with lots of links to important documents.

To achieve adequate levels of quality, the process cannot:
Be changed
Produce the expected results
Ground on a sound definition
Be improved according to the business goals

The scope of the maturity assessment is
The overall organization
The financial department
The marketing department
All departments except the bosses

Achieving a level of maturity means...
Fulfilling all process attributes of the processes of that level of maturity.
Pay to AENOR
Be proactive in the most exciting parts, actually, coding
Being able to contract old people, the older, the higher the maturity

How many maturity levels are there?
5
4
3
2

To control a process is necessary to...
Execute, measure, improve and define it
Define and execute it
Execute it
Measure and execute it

What enable the  MMIS 2.0 AENOR-AQCLab Model?
The evaluation and certification of software development organizations through organizational maturity levels.
The good practices
The evaluation and certification of software development organizations through power levels.
the evaluation of software development organizations through several steps.

What is the author of the CMMI?
The previously called SEI
ISO/IEC
MMIS V2.0
The CMMIOS

What the ISO 33000 allows?
Understand the current state of the own processes
Understand the old state of the own processes
Understand the future state of the own processes
None is correct

What the ISO 33000 allows?
Determine de fitness of the own processes or the some other’s organization against a set of specific requirements
Determine de fitness of the some other’s organization  processes against a set of specific requirements
None is correct
Determine de fitness of the own processes

What can be a intuitive definition of maturity in the context of Software Engineering?
It consists in doing things better and better
The number of years that you have been working
Doing things each time differently
None is correct

What means if a company have a maturity level of 2?
It means that every process has a level of capability of 2 or more
It means that every of their workers have been hired for more than 2 years
The levels of maturity are measure by letters (A, B, C...) not numbers
It doesn’t mean anything

To achieve adequate levels of quality it is necessary that...
All of them are correct
The process produces the expected results
The process is grounded on a sound definition
The process can be improved according to the business goals

What for we can use the framework CMMI?
All of them are correct
Project management
Process management
Support