A04 --> UNIT 02.02

Goals of Process Improvements are grounded on the following four principles:
Define the process, Measure the process, Control the process,Improve the process.
Define the process, Measure the process, Control the process, Maintain the process.
Measure the process, Define the process, Establish the process, Improve the process.
Measure the process, Manufacture the process, Establish the process, Improve the process.

Which is the concept of capability?
The Organization gets a score at a process level.
The scope of the assessment is the overall organization.
Collection of used components to build models, training material, and evaluation material in area of interest of customers.
Expected components from del model that describe an activity considered as important to raise the specific goal.

To control and manage the process, it is required to make available the following artefacts
to the company:
Process Model Reference, Assessment Model and Process Improvement Model.
Process Model Reference, Assessment Model and Capability.
Process Model Reference, Assessment Model and Maturity.
CMMI DEV, CMMI ACQ, CMMI SVC.

To achieve adequate levels of quality, it is necessary:
That the process produces the expected results.
To reach a level of maturity you have to reach the level of capacity of each of the processes associated.
Achieving a level of maturity means fulfilling all process attributes of the processes of that level of maturity.
To understand the current state of the own processes.

Which is not a characteristic of ISO 33000?
Assessment and improvement model of processes defined by AENOR for the Ibero American software industry.
New framework for process assessment.
Supersedes and extends ISO/IEC 15504.
Determine de fitness of the own processes or the some other’s organization against a set of specific requirements.

When can the improved process be used in the company project?
In the next project.
In the current project.
In three months since the improvement.
None of the answers above.

Which artefact is not needed to control and manage the process?
Process creation model.
Process Reference Model.
Assessment Model.
Process Improvement Model

Which describe the unique characteristics which should be met to satisfy a Process Area?
Specific Goals.
Specific Practice.
Generic Goals.
Generic Practice.

In which step of the process assessment ISO 33000 the project is managed?
Level 2.
Level 5.
Level 1.
Level 3.

What is a collection of used components to build models, training material, and evaluation material in área of interest of customers?
Constellation CMMI.
Levels of maturity.
SCAMPI Phases.
ISO 33000.

Which of these is not a quality principle?
To manage product quality, a planification must be made.
To produce quality products, the developers must manage the quality of their work.
The quality of a product is determined by the quality of the process used to develop it.
If a customer does not demand a quality product, they will probably not get one.

Which assertion about the CMMI framework is false?
CMMI stands for Capability Maturity Model Implementation.
It provides the required structure to generate the various CMMI models.
It provides the required structure to generate the various the assessor training and the evaluation components.
None of the options is false.

What is a CMMI generic goal?
A description of the characteristics required to institutionalize the processes that
implement an specific process area.
A description of the unique characteristics which should be met to satisfy a process
area.
The expected components from the a CMMI model that describe an activity
considered as important to raise the specific goal.
A description of an activity considered as important for the goal of an associated
generic goal.

What characteristic does a process have when it is in the Level 4: Predictable of the ISO 33000?
It is executed under the preestablished limits.
It is defined according to a standard model.
It is implemented and achieves its goals.
It is continuously being improved to meet the goals of the business.

Which processes does the MMIS v2.0 model have at the maturity level 1?
Implementation and project planification processes
Implementation and evaluation processes
Implementation and integration processes
Implementation, evaluation and deployment processes

What is it the difference between maturity and capability?
A level of maturity is reached when each of the processes associated with the level of
maturity reached a determined level of capacity.
A level of maturity is reached when each of its processes has reached a level of
capacity.
A level of capability is reached when a determined number of processes have
reached a level of maturity.
It almost the same but for different processes.

What is it the Process Reference Model?
It provides with an schema with good practices for the various processes.
It is a template of the software processes of a company.
None of them.
It establishes mechanisms to make processes will be more capable than they use to be.

What are the levels of capacity in CMMI?
Incomplete, performed, managed, defined, quantitatively managed and optimizing.
Initial, managed, defined, quantitatively managed and optimizing.
Incomplete, performed, managed, quantitatively managed and optimizing.
Initial, managed, defined, defined and optimizing.

What allows to an organization ISO 33000?
Understand the current states of the own processes.
New framework for process assessment.
Enables the evaluation and certification of software development.
All of them.

In MMIS v2.0, what is it in the level 5 of maturity?
Knowledge management process and business analysis process
Business analysis process.
None of them.
Project set management process.